Once, I saw Katherine's Lab 5 assignment; I saw two seperate folders of just the titile Lab 5 and thet second folder as
MVC. I started with Lab-5 assignment folder to see if it would work by itself and it works wonderfully. I was able to see
your swagger WebAPI that included the states id of two "GET's", POST, "PUT", and "DELETE". After I closed that folder, I opened 
MVC by itself to see if it was going to be like the Lab-5 folder and it showed an error saying, "An unhandled exception occurred 
while processing the request". It does show that it is working because it has to run with the WebAPI and in order to get everything
both the Lab-5 program and the MVC has to work together.

After trying both Lab 5 program and the MVC [load the Lab 5 program first then MVC], the program showed her website name and
bold title named, "States List", with a green button that allow me to create a new state and a comment below the green button that
there's no state data available. I clicked on the green button and fill out a state that I wanted to create (I created Hawaii). 
After filling in all the boxes and clicked on the blue button that says, "Create" it showed nothing. Then, I clicked on "Privacy"
at the top of the bar near the other button, "Home". There was nothing inside the "Privacy" page then I clicked on "Home" page and
there was nothing except a "Welcome". I did click on back to see if it was back at the beginning and nothing was there. I noticed two
other buttons across from the "Home" and "Privacy" page and it was on the right-side; the buttons were "Register" and "Login". I
click on the "Login" button and fill in my [school] email and gave it a fake password and it resulted in saying, "A database operation
failed while processing the request." Then I ended her program.

Overall of the work, I like how when I first open both programs I could see one option to create a state but need to work on showing
the data that was inserted in because it didn't show anything after creating data to be inserted into a database. Additionally, within
MVC, I can see how you connected your States database (if I am correctly seeing it) connected to the Models folder of the States.cs
so there wouldn't be miscommunication when working together with a WebAPI and the MVC working together. Overall, I like the progress
shown within this assignment because I've been having trouble of how to getting it to show how yours did and I am really proud of how 
much work you have put into this assignment because you did an fantastic job! :)